what's your name sir Jim Crips Jim how
you doing good good how Jim what do you
do for a living I'm a real estate agent
and I'm also a retail manager where're
you from
just a little Nashville Tennessee a
national city ok here's what the what
entropy doesn't know is that well show
the clip if we work and we take you now
to the alleys of Baton Rouge Louisiana
where James crypts is making a career
out of bowling backwards Crips has even
competed in tournaments where everybody
else was blamed in all the way he's
finished as high as second in those is
tops poor so far to 79 that is not the
correct order 279 Jim is not such a good
bowler frontwards but backward keith is
the best bowler in the world you know I
think I'm gonna have to keep my eye on
you yeah that's not a bad eye and Jim oh
yeah also get here supplies
where did you find this guy gender give
me no crap Tonya nothing but Jesus Adam
here we go again
but it is a backward bollard now you're
a big bullet
I used 79 backwards what is that what's
your average my average back in the day
and the older I get the better I was was
uh my last average was 160 backward
bowling his average 184 yeah
out we got him here doing a little
backward bowling later on Good Morning
America maybe you've seen him on Jimmy
Kimmel Live or Good Morning America but
he belongs to Pleasant View I am right
now at the pinnacle family entertainment
center in Clarksville Tennessee where
every Thursday evening you can see now
known as the bowling dude who bowled
backward the backwards forward